Hanahaki Disease:
The concept of hanahaki is due to unrequited love. It comes from the Japanese words Hana (花) meaning “flower” and hakimasu (吐きます) meaning “to throw up”.

Symptoms:
The symptoms are summarized as having strong pains, blooming in the heart and lungs, and then throwing them up. The flowers can also be a mix of roots and thorns. The victim chokes on this mixture, and their own blood. They will eventually die. This can vary from 2 weeks to 3 months, unless their feelings are returned or the plants are surgically removed, leaving the victim to never be able to love again.


“See, how the most dangerous thing is to love”

I stared down at the blood-soaked petals in my hands. It’s been a month since it started. All I could hear was the immense hammering of my heart in my chest. I felt another sharp pain in my chest and hunched over where I stood, coughing. A few more petals fluttered out and onto the tiled floor.

It was a horrible, painful process to go through. There were many cases of people refusing the surgery and allowing the flower to run its course because they couldn’t bear to part with their feelings and memories of that person.

I threw the petals that were resting in my hand onto the floor with the other ones, staring at them as if they could grow alive and suffocate me from the outside. My chest tightened, although not from the flowers, but rather from the tears that were forming in my eyes. I’m scared, hanahaki was not only physically draining, but also emotionally. It tormented you every day as a constant reminder that you will never be loved by that person.

Laying down on the cold tiles, as the thorns and flowers grow fully in my lungs. It hurts. It’s getting harder to breathe as I feel them growing up in my throat, begging to escape their hidden chamber within me. I want to let them out but it’s excruciating, feeling the thorns ripping into my lungs, catching in the middle of my oesophagus, choking on my blood.

As much as they beg for their release, I beg for mine. I want to sleep, just let me sleep. I don’t want to die like this, please let me wake up and see that it was all just a nightmare. 

“I’m sorry,” he coughed some blood-stained flowers, “but I fell in love with you. You made flowers grow in my lungs and heart, although they are beautiful. I can’t breathe.”

They were frozen, wanting to help him but couldn’t, staring at the boy on his knees with his hand to his throat, with a worried look on their face. Blood kept coming down from his mouth, which was now curled into a weak, sincere smile. Tears flowed down his cheeks, mixing with blood, which had started collecting at his chin and neck. 

I closed my eyes for a few seconds and that memory decides to show up, are you trying to make me feel more agony than what I’m feeling right now? I want to lay here in peace, just let me feel numb, grant me that one wish. There’s no noise, just the pounding of my heart and heaving of my lungs, trying to suck in as much air as it could. Forget what I said about there being no noise, a loud banging on my door which makes the walls shake around me, and my phone playing the same tune like a broken record.

They’re shouting for me to open the door while banging on said door. In all honesty, it’s annoying but I can’t protest. Going through the final stages makes it very hard to do anything. I can barely lift a finger and it sends large spasms, making my body ache, all I can do is lay here and wait for the process to be over. The sweet release of death.
